here's something no one in the Trump
family has ever thought or said from
very early on I knew I wanted to work
for the government and make the world a
better place
Lisa Paige said that in her very first
public comments about her years of being
attacked by the President of the United
States former FBI lawyer Lisa Paige
broke her public silence with our next
guest
Molly John fast in that interview Lisa
Paige said something that no one has
ever said about any President of the
United States until now honestly his
demeaning fake orgasm was really the
straw that broke the camel's back this
is what Lisa Paige was referring to
Lisa pains what a group
she's going to win ten million to one
she's gonna win and I'm telling you
Peter
I'm telling you Peter she's gonna win
Peter I love you so much
[Applause]
I love you Peter I love you too Lisa at
least hello
Lisa Lisa oh god I love you Lisa
and that's the moment that changed
everything for Lisa page according to
Mullen showing fastest report in The
Daily Beast she said I had stayed quiet
for years hoping that would fade away
but instead it got worse it had been so
hard not to defend myself to let people
who hate me control the narrative I
decided to take my power back and
joining us now is Molly John fast whose
article in The Daily Beast is entitled
Lisa page speaks Molly thank you very
much for joining us it's an
extraordinary piece we've been wondering
about this woman for years as the
president attacks are on a daily basis
and here she is finally telling us not
only how she's felt about it but but why
she came out that moment at the biggest
in October when the Vulgarian and chief
does something that we've never seen
before it was an amazing moment to sit
with her two weeks later and to hear her
tell me that that was the thing that
made her decide she was going to like
just take it back and it was and I mean
I felt very honored to get to be a part
of that moment and just for the for the
record for the audience her offense
against Donald Trump is that she was in
2016 during the presidential campaign
watching the most incompetent least
informed presidential candidate in
history she watched him with fear like
most of Americans and like most
Americans she didn't want him to be
President and she privately communicated
that with others and texts of that
private communication eventually became
public including private communication
with her then with the former lover of
hers at the FBI they had a right to that
private communication they had a right
to the personal view that Donald Trump
should not be present would be a bad
president they were completely right
about that
and Donald Trump has a
hacked her and others as if they had no
right to ever think that he would be a
bad president well the only possible law
that they could have broken would be the
Hatch Act and they didn't break the
Hatch Act but ironically Kelly and
Conway it breaks the Hatch Act all the
time so they're always like obsessed
with you know saying that people are
doing the things that they're actually
doing the Hatch Act is is publicly
advocating for client which government
workers can't do that she did not do and
then the issue becomes was her judgment
in any of the elements involving the
investigation of the Russian
interference in our election was any of
her judgment colored by the fact that
she didn't want Donald Trump to be
President and we have found absolutely
no evidence of that she's been totally
exonerated I mean it's such an we snow
that this December 8 IG report is gonna
exonerate her further because we've seen
that in the leaks the question is really
like why did the president why were
these text messages leaked and how does
the president use women to distract you
know how does he get his base all ginned
up with misogyny to distract from the
things he's doing that are sort of
nefarious and we see it again and again
and again it almost seems like he would
have to invent a lisa page if he didn't
have a christine Blasi Ford or you know
Maria von Abed it's just this continual
women that he finds to use to abuse and
you see and you're reporting indicates
that for Donald Trump there's extra fuel
in this when it's a woman he's attack
yeah and I think there's this weird
sexual angle like the lover or Lisa page
but yeah he gets much more involved in
the narrative when it's a woman and and
and you see it just I I'm always shocked
and like we saw it with each in Carol I
wrote about her and it was that same
kind of thing where she just he just
went after her and he's you know he said
you know I mean this is my favorite
Trump thing he does it I mean no
disrespect
right yes and then he's asked for
horrendously disrespectful but just
right it doesn't you know that doesn't
negate the disrespect yeah and and what
did you find who is this woman Lisa
Paige who you spent time with she's
amazing she's completely self-made she's
was one of the only women she was the
only woman in her DOJ honors course like
she's just a very extraordinary smart
woman and you know Andy McCabe thought
she was incredible you know he really
trusted her with everything and she's a
lawyer and she's very lawyerly and the
stuff you know she speaks just and she's
just really a great person The Daily
Beast has the peace knowledge run fast
got the story it is such an honor to
have you here I have been following your
thinking and your writing and your
tweeting for years and years and years
great to have you here I appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC